The Project Gutenberg EBook of Recipes from American National, by Anonymous

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Recipes from American National

Author: Anonymous

Release Date: July 15, 2020 [EBook #62655]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK RECIPES FROM AMERICAN NATIONAL ***




Produced by Stephen Hutcheson and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net









                                RECIPES
                                  from
                           American National


Within the covers of this book is a wealth of wonderful, interesting
recipes. Many are original, many are heir-loom pieces that have been
handed down through generations.

These recipes should help you to prepare unusual and delectable dishes
to delight each gourmet in your family.




                  · CAKES · PIES · ICINGS · PASTRIES ·


    [Illustration: Cornucopia]


                            ORANGE NUT CAKE

  1 cup butter
  ½ teaspoon salt
  2 eggs
  2 cups flour (all purpose)
  1 cup buttermilk
  1 teaspoon soda
  1 orange (squeeze juice, remove pulp)
  1 cup raisins
  1 cup pecans

Cream butter and sugar, add eggs 1 at a time. Sift flour and salt
together, add soda to buttermilk, add to creamed mixture alternately
with flour and nuts, raisins, orange peeling which has been put through
food chopper. Bake in 8-inch layer pans greased and floured in 350
degrees F. oven, 25 to 30 minutes.


                         ICING ORANGE NUT CAKE

  2 cups powdered sugar
  2 tablespoons orange juice
  1 tablespoon lemon juice
  3 tablespoons butter

Cream butter, add small amount sugar, add orange and lemon juices
alternately with sugar until icing is well blended.


              A PIE THAT IS DIFFERENT—DATE NUT PUDDIN’-PIE

  2 eggs
  ½ cup white sugar
  1 tablespoon evaporated milk
  1 tablespoon melted margarine
  ½ teaspoon vanilla
  ½ cup white cornmeal
  1 teaspoon baking powder
  ⅛ teaspoon salt
  ¾ cup (or 1 six-ounce package) dates chopped
  ½ cup coarsely chopped nuts
  ½ cup nut halves

Beat eggs, add sugar, brown sugar, milk, margarine, corn meal, salt,
baking powder, dates, nuts and vanilla. Mix well. Pour into a 9-inch pie
plate which has been generously greased with margarine and dusted with
corn meal. Top with the nut halves. Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes.
Cool on a cake rack. Garnish with a circle of whipped cream flavored
with sherry or almond flavoring. Sprinkle lightly with finely chopped
nuts, if you wish.

This Puddin’-Pie makes its own crust.


                          ANNABEL’S PRUNE CAKE

  1 cup sugar
  ¾ cup butter or shortening
  3 eggs
  3 tablespoons sour cream
  ⅛ teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon soda
  1 teaspoon allspice
  2 cups flour
  1 cup cooked chopped prunes

Cream sugar, shortening and eggs. Add sour cream. Sift together flour,
salt, soda and allspice. Add to mixture. Add prunes and mix thoroughly.
Bake in moderate oven (350 degrees). Ice with:


                        SOUR CREAM PRUNE FILLING

  1 cup sugar
  ½ cup sour cream
  2 eggs
  2 tablespoons butter
  1 teaspoon vanilla
  pinch of salt
  1 cup cooked mashed prunes
  ½ cup nut meats

Mix sugar, sour cream and eggs. Add other ingredients and cook over slow
fire stirring constantly until mixture thickens.


                             APPLE NUT PITA
                           (Pita Sa Orasima)

  ¾ cup sweet butter
  grated peel of one lemon
  7 egg yolks
  1 cup sugar
  ½ teaspoon baking soda
  1¼ pounds flour

Cream butter, add sugar, lemon peel and soda. Mix well, add yolks and
beat again. Add flour gradually, beating dough constantly until well
blended. Chill.


                                FILLING

  ¾ cup ground walnuts
  1 cup sugar
  7 egg whites beaten stiff
  2 grated apples

Mix nuts and sugar. Add them gradually to beaten egg whites. Then fold
in apples. Roll out two-thirds of the dough and line sides and bottom of
an ungreased baking pan. Add filling. Roll out remaining dough and
lattice over top. Bake in 250 degree oven 45 minutes to one hour.


                            APPLE DUMPLINGS

  2 cups flour
  2 teaspoons baking powder
  ½ teaspoon sugar
  ½ teaspoon salt
  4 level tablespoons lard or other shortening
  enough milk to make soft dough
  2 cups sweetened (dried) apples

Sift dry ingredients together, spread with sweetened apples. Then roll
up like cinnamon rolls and cut about an inch wide. Set rolled slices in
pan containing the following ingredients:

  3 cups water
  3 cups sugar
  2 tablespoons butter
  1 teaspoon cinnamon
  1 teaspoon nutmeg

Bake in moderate oven until brown.


                           BOILED BROWN CAKE

  1 cup brown sugar
  1 cup water
  2 cups seeded (sticky) raisins
  ½ cup lard
  ¼ teaspoon nutmeg
  ¼ teaspoon cinnamon
  1 teaspoon ground cloves

Boil for three minutes. When cool add 2 cups sifted flour with ½
teaspoon bicarbonate of soda dissolved in a little hot water. Bake in
greased loafpan 325 degree oven for one a quarter hours.


                           IMP OF SATAN CAKE

  ¼ pound margarine
  ¾ cup sugar
  1½ cups cake flour
  ½ teaspoon salt
  2 teaspoons baking powder
  ½ cup milk
  2 teaspoons finely chopped lemon peel
  4 egg whites, stiffly beaten
  2 teaspoons vanilla

Cream sugar and shortening. Beat until fluffy. Sift cake flour, baking
powder and salt. Then add to creamed mixture, alternating with milk. Add
lemon, then chocolate. Fold in egg whites, vanilla, bake in two greased
8-inch pans for 35 minutes in a 350 degree oven.


                          BRAZIL NUT DATE CAKE

  3 cups Brazil nuts (2 pounds unshelled, 1 pound shelled)
  1 pound pitted imported dates
  1 cup (one 8-ounce jar) drained maraschino cherries
  ¾ cup sifted all-purpose flour
  ¾ cup sugar
  ½ teaspoon baking powder
  ½ teaspoon salt
  3 eggs
  1 teaspoon vanilla

Put Brazil nuts, dates and cherries into large bowl. Sift flour, sugar,
baking powder and salt over nuts and fruit; mix with hands until nuts
and fruit are coated. Beat eggs until foamy, add vanilla, stir into
nut-fruit mixture until well mixed. Turn into greased and waxed
paper-lined pan 9¼ by 5½ by 2½ inches. Spread evenly in pan. Bake in
slow oven (300 degrees F.) 1 hour and 45 minutes. Cake must be cooled
before slicing. (Excellent cake to store in plastic bag for a week or
two or store in deep freeze.)

Note: For easy shelling of Brazil nuts, cover with cold water; bring to
a boil and boil for 3 minutes. Drain and cover with cold water; drain
and crack.


                              COWBOY CAKE

  2 cups sugar
  2 cups hot water
  ⅔ cups shortening
  2 cups raisins
  1 teaspoon nutmeg
  1 teaspoon cloves
  2 teaspoons cinnamon

Put above ingredients, mixed together on stove, stirring slowly. Let
come to boil; three minutes. Then add two teaspoons soda dissolved in a
little warm water. Let mixture cool to lukewarm. Then add four cups
flour, two teaspoons baking powder and two cups nut meats (pecans are
best). Pour into baking dish or pan preferably not too deep. Bake in 375
degree oven. Test with toothpick.

Will serve a group of 30 people. Cowboy Cake wrapped in foil keeps moist
to send students at school away from home.


                       DOUBLE QUICK COFFEE BREAD

Grease 8-inch pan, 10-inch skillet, or 9-inch ring mold. Make topping
and have it ready.

  ¾ cup warm water
  1 package dry yeast
  ¼ cup sugar
  1 teaspoon salt
  2¼ cups sifted flour
  1 egg
  ¼ cup soft shortening or butter

Dissolve yeast in water, add sugar and salt, and about half the flour.
Beat thoroughly 2 minutes. Add egg and shortening. Then beat in
gradually the remaining flour until smooth. Drop by spoonsful over
entire bottom of pan. Cover. Let rise in warm place (85 degrees) until
double in bulk, 50 to 60 minutes. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Bake until
brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Immediately turn out to avoid sticking. Serve
warm or cold.


                       TOPPING (BUTTERSCOTCH NUT)

Melt in pan a third cup butter and half cup brown sugar with one
tablespoon corn syrup. Add half cup pecans or walnuts. Cool to warm
before spooning in dough.


                      GRANDMA’S BROWN STONE FRONT

  4 tablespoons butter
  ½ cup milk
  3 teaspoons baking powder
  1 cup sugar
  2 eggs
  1¾ cups flour
  ½ teaspoon vanilla
  1 tablespoon cocoa
  ½ teaspoon cinnamon
  ¼ teaspoon nutmeg

Cream butter and sugar. Add milk and eggs well beaten; then flour and
cocoa mixed. Add baking powder and spices and vanilla. Bake in loaf pan,
or in layers at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. A little longer for loaf.
Best with fudge frosting.


                              FUDGE ICING

  1½ cups sugar
  ½ cup cocoa
  1 small can milk

Mix sugar and cocoa in a sauce pan, add the milk and cook over moderate
flame about 10 minutes stirring slowly and constantly to avoid burning.
When done add 1 tablespoon oleo and beat well.


                               APPLE CAKE

  1 cup sugar
  ¼ cup shortening
  4 or 5 apples, peeled and chopped medium fine
  1 egg
  1 cup flour
  1 teaspoon soda
  ½ teaspoon cinnamon

Cream shortening and sugar well together, add unbeaten egg and chopped
apples. Mix well together with spoon (not electric mixer); sift flour,
cinnamon and soda, and add to mixture. Nuts may be added. Bake in round
or square cake pan (about 2 inches deep) for 25 or 30 minutes at 350
degrees. The top of cake will have a crisp, crunchy topping with no
icing required.


                           MAPLE WALNUT CAKE

  1½ cups sugar
  ½ cup shortening
  ½ teaspoon mapaline {imitation maple extract}
  2 eggs
  1 cup milk
  2 cups sifted flour
  2 teaspoons baking powder
  ½ teaspoon salt

Cream sugar, shortening, mapaline and eggs. Add milk and other dry
ingredients. Mix well, then add ½ cup walnuts.


                                 ICING

  4 tablespoons butter
  ½ teaspoon mapaline
  pinch of salt
  1 egg
  2 cups powdered sugar

Cream butter, mapaline and egg. Add salt and powdered sugar.




                         · COOKIES · CANDIES ·


    [Illustration: Chef]


                            VANILLA COOKIES

  ½ cup butter (no substitute)
  1 egg
  1 tablespoon milk
  1 cup sugar
  2 cups flour
  2 teaspoons baking powder
  1 teaspoon vanilla

Cream butter and sugar. Add milk, eggs and flour. Then baking powder and
vanilla. Leave in ice box one hour. Roll thin, very thin. Cut in fancy
shapes. Bake until light brown.


                               PULL MINTS

Pour 1 cup of boiling water over 3 cups of sugar and dissolve on range.
Strain through thin cloth into another vessel, adding ½ cup butter, then
return to fire and cook with cover only until it forms a hard ball. Pour
into buttered platter and cool. When perfectly cool add a few drops of
oil of peppermint and coloring. Pull until real stiff and set 24 hours
until creamed. When poured out do not scrape the pan.

Blue mints packed with silver shot make an attractive Christmas box.


                              NOEL NUGGETS

  3 cups sugar
  1 cup milk
  ¼ teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon vanilla extract
  1 cup chopped dates
  ½ cup chopped nuts
  1 cup coconut

Blend sugar, salt and milk together. Bring to boil over medium heat and
cook, stirring constantly, until mixture changes color slightly and
thickens enough to form a firm ball in cool water. Then, working
quickly, blend in vanilla extract, dates, nuts and coconut, drop in
heaping teaspoonfuls on waxed paper. If part of mixture should harden in
pan before you can transfer it to waxed paper, add only a few drops of
water and reheat, stirring until it all comes together again (it will be
very thick). Makes 5 dozen nuggets.


                            CHOCOLATE TAFFY

  1 cup water
  2 squares unsweetened grated chocolate
  1 cup sugar
  1 cup molasses
  2 tablespoons butter
  ½ teaspoon vanilla

Cook water, chocolate, sugar, molasses and butter together until the
syrup forms a soft ball (260 to 270 degrees if thermometer is used) when
dropped into cold water. Add vanilla and pour into a buttered pan to
cool and harden. When stiff mark off in squares with a knife, when cold
and brittle break off on marked squares.


                             YUMMY SQUARES

  ½ cup shortening
  1 cup sugar
  2 eggs, well beaten
  1 teaspoon vanilla
  1½ cup sifted cake flour
  ½ teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon baking powder
  1 egg white
  1 cup brown sugar, firmly packed
  1 cup chopped nuts

Work shortening until creamy. Then add the sugar, work until light. Add
the two well beaten eggs and vanilla. Then add the flour, salt, baking
powder sifted together. Mix well and spread in greased pan, 13 by 9 by 2
inches. Beat the egg white until stiff. Then add brown sugar. Continue
beating until stiff. Then fold in nuts. Spread over mixture in pan and
bake at 375 degrees for 25 minutes. Cut in squares.


                           DAINTY TEA COOKIES

  1 cup butter
  ⅔ cup sugar
  1 egg
  2½ cups all purpose flour
  ½ teaspoon baking powder
  ⅛ teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon almond extract

Cream butter and sugar. Add egg and mix thoroughly. Then add dry
ingredients which have been mixed and sifted together. Add extract. Put
through cookie press and bake in hot oven 400 degrees 10 to 12 minutes.


                             PECAN COOKIES

  1 cup butter
  1½ tablespoons powdered sugar
  2 cups cake flour
  1 teaspoon water
  1 teaspoon vanilla
  1½ cups chopped pecans

Cream butter and sugar. Add other ingredients. Mix until dough can be
handled. Make into large size balls. Bake in very slow oven for 20
minutes. Remove from oven, let cool and roll in powdered sugar.


                             CREAM PRALINES

  1 pound light brown sugar
  ¾ cup evaporated milk
  1½ cups pecan halves

Mix ingredients together in heavy saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring
constantly until sugar is dissolved. Continue cooking over medium heat
to soft-ball stage (360 degree F.), stirring constantly.

Let candy cool slightly, about 5 minutes, then beat until mixture begins
to thicken. Drop candy rapidly from a tablespoon into paper baking cups
set into muffin pans or onto a sheet of aluminum foil or onto a
well-buttered baking sheet.

If candy becomes too stiff at the last to drop into smooth patties, stir
in a little hot water.

These pralines have a more delicate flavor when prepared with light
brown sugar. If only dark sugar is available, substitute 1½ cups white
granulated sugar and 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar for the 1
pound light brown sugar.


                               VARIATIONS

Coffee-Cream Pralines: Add 1½ teaspoons instant coffee to the sugar,
evaporated milk and pecan mixture and cook as above.

Sherry-Cream Pralines: After the candy is cooked and cooled slightly,
stir in 1 tablespoon dry sherry or sherry flavoring and proceed as
above.

Ginger-Cream Pralines: Add 2 tablespoons finely cut candied ginger to
the sugar, evaporated milk and pecan mixture and cook as above.


                           APRICOT SNOWBALLS

  8 ounce package of apricots
  1 small can of coconut
  ⅔ cup of pecans

Grind the above ingredients together through food chopper and add:

  2 teaspoons orange juice
  4 tablespoons powdered sugar

Shape into small balls (size of walnuts). Roll in granulated sugar and
store to season in tightly covered container (about two weeks) but will
keep for months.


                                 MANTAS

Start heating oven to 350 degrees. Grease cookie sheet and sift
together:

  3¾ cups sifted all purpose flour
  1 teaspoon baking soda
  ½ teaspoon baking powder
  1 teaspoon cinnamon
  1 teaspoon nutmeg
  ½ teaspoon allspice
  ¼ teaspoon ground cloves
  ½ teaspoon salt

Add about ¼ cup of flour mixture to ¾ cup light or dark raisins and ¾
cup chopped walnuts.

In large electric mixer bowl with mixer at medium speed or “cream” mix:

  1 cup soft shortening
  1 cup dark brown sugar, packed
  1 cup granulated sugar
  2 eggs

until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Now, at low speed or “blend” beat in
alternately, rest of the four mixtures and 1 cup of buttermilk. When
dough is well blended stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and raisin-nut
mixture. Drop dough by rounded tablespoonful on to cookie sheet. Bake 15
to 20 minutes or until done. Makes six dozen cookies.


                              BUTTER BALLS

  1 cup butter
  4 teaspoons powdered sugar
  1 teaspoon vanilla
  2 cups sifted flour
  1 cup nuts, chopped

Cream butter; add sugar and continue to beat until light. Add vanilla.
Add sifted flour and mix well; fold in chopped nuts. Shape into balls on
an ungreased baking sheet. Bake in a moderate 350 degrees oven 15-18
minutes. Roll in confectioner’s sugar while still hot.


                        UNCOOKED OATMEAL COOKIES

  2 cups sugar
  1 stick oleomargarine
  2 tablespoons cocoa
  ½ cup milk

Boil for one minute, remove from fire, add one cup chopped nuts
(optional), 3 cups uncooked oatmeal; drop by teaspoonful on cookie sheet
(do not bake), cool, ready to serve.


                          COCONUT POTATO FUDGE

  1 medium size boiled potato
  2 cups confectionery sugar
  ⅛ teaspoon salt
  1 cup shredded coconut
  ½ teaspoon vanilla
  3 squares unsweetened chocolate

Mash boiled potato and add salt, sugar and coconut. Mix well, add
vanilla and mix again. Press into 6 by 6 inch square pan which has been
lined with wax paper. Melt chocolate over hot water and pour over potato
mixture. Let stand until firm and cut. Be sure not to start with big
potato, use medium sized potato.


                          DATE DIVINITY DROPS

  1 cup cut-up dates
  ⅓ cup finely cut nuts
  ½ cup instant nonfat dry milk
  1⅔ cups sifted, powdered sugar
  2 dozen marshmallows
  3 tablespoons water
  1 teaspoon vanilla

Cut dates and nuts into tiny pieces about the size of peas. Mix milk and
powdered sugar and let stand until needed. Put marshmallows and water
into a 1½-quart saucepan. Stir over low heat until marshmallows melt.
Remove from heat. Add milk and sugar mixture, all at once, and beat
until smooth. Mix in well, the dates, nuts and vanilla. Drop from a
teaspoon onto waxed paper or buttered pan. Let stand at room temperature
until firm, about 3 hours. Makes 2½ dozen.


                             TEXAS BRITTLE

  ½ cup water
  1 cup sugar
  1 tablespoon butter
  ½ teaspoon salt
  2 cups pecans, broken
  2 tablespoons molasses
  1 quart cereal flakes
  1 teaspoon vinegar

Boil sugar, water, vinegar, molasses, butter and salt together until
mixture becomes brittle in cold water. Pour syrup over cereal flakes and
pecan mix. Stir quickly and form into small balls.


                      CHOCOLATE BUTTER PECAN BARS

  1½ cups all purpose flour
  2 teaspoons baking powder
  ½ cup butter or margarine
  2 cups brown sugar, packed
  2 eggs
  1 teaspoon vanilla
  1¼ cups chopped pecans
  ¾ cup chocolate chips

Heat oven to 350 degrees.

Grease and flour 11 by 7 by 1½ inch pan. Sift flour with baking powder.
Melt butter in saucepan over low heat; add sugar; bring to boil,
stirring. Cool until lukewarm. Drop in eggs one at a time, mixing well.
Mix in vanilla, flour mixture and ½ cup of the pecans. Turn into pan.
Sprinkle ½ cup chocolate chips, either whole or chopped fine, over the
mixture and then sprinkle remaining pecans over that. Bake until done,
25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pan then cut in squares.

These cookie cuts can be made either by hand or electric mixer.


                          CREAM CHEESE COOKIES

  1 cup margarine
  1 three-ounce package cream cheese
  1 cup sugar
  1 egg, beaten
  1 tablespoon lemon juice
  1 teaspoon grated lemon rind
  2½ cups flour
  1 teaspoon baking powder
  1 cup confectioner’s sugar
  2 tablespoons lemon juice
  ½ cup chopped pecans

Blend together the margarine and the cream cheese. Add the cup of
granulated sugar, and cream thoroughly. Add the egg, lemon juice and
rind, and blend well. Add the flour and baking powder sifted together.
Place the dough in the refrigerator for a few minutes to chill it. Force
2-inch ribbon strips through a cookie press onto ungreased baking
sheets. Bake in a moderate oven, 375 degrees, 8 to 10 minutes, or until
lightly browned.

Blend the cup of confectioner’s sugar with the lemon juice. When the
cookies are cool, dip the ends into this frosting, then in the chopped
pecans. Yields 4½ dozen cookies.




                    · MEATS · SEAFOODS · POULTRIES ·


    [Illustration: Cornucopia]


                     REAL HUNGARIAN STUFFED CABBAGE

Take 1 fairly large head of cabbage (be certain the leaves are not
torn). Loosen the leaves with a knife, wash them and place in a large
pan. Pour boiling water over the leaves, cover and let steam to soften.


                                FILLING

  1 pound of ground round
  1 small onion diced
  ½ cup uncooked rice, soaked for ½ hour in cold water
  2 ounces tomato juice or tomato sauce thinned with water
  salt and pepper to taste

Mix all ingredients well.

For the cooking utensil, 1 onion sliced, 1 medium can of sauerkraut, 1
tablespoon shortening, brown sugar and 1 small can of tomato sauce.

Make the cabbage rolls, line bottom of pan with onion and cover with a
layer of sauerkraut. Sprinkle with a little brown sugar, salt and
shortening. Place a layer of rolls in the utensil and add some tomato
sauce. Repeat this procedure, except shortening, until all the
ingredients are used. Cover with water and cook covered over low heat
for two hours. This is delicious after it has been frozen.


                         CABBAGE AND PORK CHOPS

  8 lean pork chops
  6 medium onions sliced paper thin
  1 can tomato sauce, small
  1 No. 2 can peeled tomatoes
  ¼ cup olive oil or butter
  ¼ teaspoon black pepper
  salt to taste
  1 large cabbage (cut sauerkraut style)

Place in large deep pot the oil or butter. Add pork chops and brown
lightly. Remove the chops from the pot and place them in a dish. Add the
onions, sauté for 15 minutes in the hot oil stirring constantly. Add
tomatoes and the sauce. Cook over slow fire for 1 hour, stirring every
10 minutes. Add salt, pepper and the lightly browned chops. Cook slowly
for ½ hour. Add cabbage little at a time until all is used. Stir
constantly. Cook until tender.

Serve hot with cornbread or hot biscuits. Serves 6 to 8 persons.


                     QUICK CALIFORNIA-STYLE BURGERS

  2 pounds ground beef
  ¼ cup finely chopped green peppers
  ¼ cup finely chopped onions
  ½ cup finely chopped ripe olives
  1 can tomato soup (adaptation)
  1 can spaghetti sauce with mushrooms (adaptation)
  1 package cream cheese with chives (adaptation)
  2 tablespoons cooking oil

Combine first 3 ingredients, adding 2 dashes of Worcestershire sauce and
one dash of liquid garlic. Make into 10 thin patties. Salt and pepper as
desired. Combine cheese and ripe olives and place a tablespoonful in the
center of five patties and flatten. Cover with remaining patties,
pressing edges to secure.

Brown in cooking oil at 380 degrees, both sides. Turn to simmer and add
tomato soup and spaghetti sauce. If too thick add a little V-8 or tomato
juice. Allow to simmer 20 minutes, turning once. Serve in burger buns
with the sauce poured over. Serves 5.


                                 CHILI

  1 pound beef steak, coarsely ground or cut into small pieces
  4 slices bacon
  1 large onion
  2 cloves garlic
  1 or 2 tablespoons flour
  1 can tomato paste
  2 tablespoon chili powder
  salt to taste
  1½ tablespoons cumin seed
  1 tablespoon oregano
  1 can red kidney beans

Cut fine bacon, onion, garlic; sauté together in skillet. Add meat to
this; sprinkle with flour and cook until meat is brown. Put this mixture
into large pot. Add can tomato paste, the chili powder, the cumin and
the oregano. Add quart of water and simmer until meat is tender, about 1
hour. Add can kidney beans and continue cooking about 20 or 30 minutes
longer, stirring occasionally to prevent burning.


                    ITALIAN MEATBALLS WITH SPAGHETTI

  1 pound ground meat
  3 eggs
  1 slice white bread toasted
  3 pods garlic
  handful parsley cut fine
  handful green sweet pepper cut fine
  handful grated Parmesan cheese
  salt and pepper to taste

Soak bread in milk and squeeze rather dry. Crush the garlic in a big
crock and put all ingredients together working them with the hands.
While hands are moist make into ball the size of a golf ball and fry in
olive oil until the balls are golden brown. Remove to a large pot.

Cut fine, 1 onion, 1 carrot and handful of parsley. Fry all this in the
olive oil left in the skillet to a golden brown. Add 1 small can of
tomato paste and 4 cans of water measured in the same can. Add No. 2 can
of tomatoes, salt and pepper to taste. Pour this over the meat balls and
simmer very slowly for about an hour and a half.

Cook 1 pound of Italian spaghetti in boiling salted water. When done,
drain. Put meatballs on a platter and top with spaghetti. While very hot
sprinkle with Italian grated cheese. (Parmesan cheese in the sifted top
is also good.) Some like to add, at the last 10 minutes before serving
the balls, a little crushed sweet basil and 2 whole cloves.


                             VEAL PARMESAN

Have butcher pound thin 1½ pounds veal cutlets and cut meat in 8 strips.
Combine ¼ cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 cup bread crumbs. Salt and
pepper to taste. Dip meat in 2 eggs well beaten, then in bread crumb
mixture. Fry in 6 tablespoons of olive oil. Make sure oil is hot. Fry
about 5 minutes on each side.

Place veal in baking dish and pour on a layer of tomato sauce. Place
thin slices of Mozzarella cheese over this. Bake in moderate oven 350
degrees for about 20 minutes or until brown. Mushrooms or cooked peas
may be added if desired.


                              MEAT-ZA-PIE

  1 pound ground beef
  ⅔ cup evaporated milk (small can)
  ½ cup dry bread crumbs
  1 teaspoon garlic salt
  1 can tomato paste
  1 two-ounce can button mushrooms
  1 cup sharp cheese (grated)
  ½ teaspoon oregano
  2 tablespoons parmesan cheese

Mix meat, milk, bread crumbs, garlic salt and oregano. Press into pie
pan, lining sides and having thicker across bottom. Spread with tomato
paste, sprinkle with drained mushrooms then cover with grated cheese
then a little sprinkle of oregano then the two tablespoons of parmesan
cheese. Bake at 375 degrees F. 30 or 35 minutes. Bake in an 8 or 9 inch
pan. Will serve 5 or 6.


                            MACARONI MEDLEY

  1 onion
  1 clove garlic (optional)
  1 green pepper
  4 tablespoons shortening
  1 pound hamburger
  ⅛ teaspoon pepper
  1 teaspoon paprika
  1½ teaspoons salt
  1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  ⅔ cup tomato soup
  ½ cup water
  2 cups cooked macaroni
  ¾ cup grated cheese
  1 cup left-over cauliflower

Chop onion, garlic and pepper. Fry in shortening until golden brown. Add
meat and seasonings. Stir and fry for 5 minutes. Mix soup and water. Add
to meat mixture, stir well. Put half of macaroni in baking dish.
Sprinkle with cheese. Add layer meat. Make layer of macaroni, cheese and
meat again, saving out some cheese for the top. Arrange cauliflower
flowerets over top. Sprinkle with cheese. Cover dish. Cook in moderately
hot oven (375 degrees F.) 25 minutes. Remove cover. Bake 10 minutes
longer until nicely browned. Serve with a green salad and dessert.


                       FRIED CRABS ITALIAN STYLE

This recipe is for six crabs. It may be doubled for a large family.
Remove backs from crabs, wash well and set aside.

  ½ cup grated parmesan cheese
  ½ teaspoon garlic salt
  1 teaspoon salt
  ½ teaspoon black pepper

Mix the ingredients together well and aside. Take 6 cloves of garlic and
cut into small pieces, dice ¼ of a small mozzarella cheese ball. Take
crabs and stuff with cheese and garlic in meaty part of crabs. Dip
stuffed crabs in seasoned egg and water, then dip well in flour mixture.
Fry in deep oil until golden brown.


                         CROWN O’GOLD MEAT LOAF

  1½ cups soft bread crumbs
  1½ pounds ground lean meat
  4 egg yolks
  1½ teaspoons salt
  2 tablespoons mustard
  1½ tablespoons prepared horseradish
  3 tablespoons finely diced green pepper
  2 tablespoons minced onion
  ⅓ cup catsup

Mix bread crumbs with meat, combine remaining ingredients. Blend into
meat-bread mixture. Pack lightly into a 9-inch casserole and bake at 325
degrees for 30 minutes.


                          CROWN O’GOLD TOPPING

  4 egg whites
  ½ teaspoon cream of tartar
  4 tablespoons mustard

Beat egg whites until foamy; add cream of tartar and beat until very
stiff. Fold in mustard and swirl on hot meat; return to oven and bake 20
to 25 minutes longer, or until tipped with brown. Makes 6 to 8 servings.


                          HAMBURGER-RICE DISH

Dice 2 medium sized onions, 1 section garlic, and 1 green bell pepper.
Fry mixture in small amount of margarine until slightly tender. Add 1
pound of hamburger, salt to taste, and 2 teaspoons chili powder; cook
until hamburger is done. Add 8-ounce can of tomato sauce and equal
amount of water. Add ¼ cup uncooked rice, stir mixture well, cover and
cook slowly until rice is tender. Serve hot.


                            CHICKEN MOROCCO

  1½ tablespoons paprika
  2 teaspoons ginger
  1 teaspoon salt
  some black pepper (mix)
  1 pound butter (or 2 sticks butter and 2 sticks margarine, depending
          on fat on chickens)

Place pieces of chicken in a large, flat pyrex baking dish. Sprinkle
with the dry ingredients, then celery, onion and garlic. Pour over
partially melted shortening. Cover tightly with foil and bake 2 hours at
275 degrees. Twenty minutes before done, uncover and bake at 450 degrees
to brown.

Serve with: Melt ⅛ pound butter in skillet, add 1 cup of minute rice,
some pepper, ½ teaspoon powdered thyme or marjoram, 2 small buds of
garlic—brown. Add 1 can of undiluted clear consomme. Bring to boil,
cover. Cut off fire and leave until ready to serve with chicken.


                           ITALIAN SPAGHETTI

  1½ pounds of hamburger
  1 package spaghetti
  ¼ pound butter
  1 large can tomatoes
  1 small garlic bud
  pinch each red pepper and cloves
  2 tablespoons sugar

Simmer meat, tomatoes and seasoning 2 hours. Add spaghetti which has
been cooked. Let simmer for ½ hour and serve with grated cheese.


                             DEVILED CRABS

  ½ pound crab meat
  2 hard cooked eggs grated
  ¼ cup toasted bread crumbs
  1 teaspoon lemon juice
  a few drops of garlic juice
  dash of cayenne pepper
  level tablespoon chili sauce
  mushroom soup to moisten

Mix entire recipe together. Fill shells with mixture and top with bread
crumbs and dot with butter. Bake for about 20 minutes or until brown in
350 degree oven. This recipe is quickly made and may be allowed to stand
in icebox several hours before cooking.


                      SHRIMP AND OYSTER JAMBALAYA

  3 cups raw rice
  ½ pint oysters, drain; reserve liquid
  ¼ cup cooking oil
  1 pound fresh shrimp, cleaned and deveined
  2 tablespoons butter
  ¼ cup flour
  ½ cup celery, chopped fine
  1 large onion, chopped fine
  ½ cup canned whole tomatoes
  1 clove garlic, mashed
  1 bay leaf, optional
  1 pimiento, chopped
  ¼ cup parsley, chopped
  1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  salt and pepper to taste

Cook rice according to directions on package, set aside. Heat butter in
saucepan, add shrimp, cook 5 minutes; add oysters, and cook 5 minutes
longer; set aside. Heat oil in large heavy skillet, with tight fitting
lid. Make a roux by adding the flour; stir constantly till golden brown.
Take pot off the fire, and add onions and celery. Stir until vegetables
are withered. Add tomatoes, bay leaf and garlic. Stir a few minutes. Add
cooked rice to mixture, stir evenly. Add cooked shrimp and oysters.
Season to taste. Cover with lid. Cook over low heat about 10 minutes.
Add Worcestershire sauce, parsley and pimiento. Serve hot.


                             SHRIMP CHOWDER

  3 medium onions, sliced
  3 tablespoons fat
  1 cup boiling water
  5 medium potatoes
  3 teaspoons salt
  ¼ teaspoon pepper
  1 pound fresh shrimp
  1 quart milk, heated
  1 cup (1¼ pound) grated processed American Cheddar cheese
  2 tablespoon minced parsley

Sauté onions in hot fat in deep kettle until tender. Add boiling water,
then sliced potatoes, salt, pepper. Simmer, covered, 15 minutes or until
potatoes are tender. Then add shrimp, cooked with viscera removed, the
hot milk in which the cheese has been melted, and parsley. Serve at
once.


                      STUFFED TOMATOES WITH SHRIMP

  1 pound shrimp
  4 large tomatoes
  ½ cup chopped onions
  ¼ cup chopped shallots
  ½ cup chopped celery
  ¼ cup chopped parsley
  ½ cup chopped green pepper
  1 clove garlic chopped fine
  ½ teaspoon Lawry seasoning
  ½ teaspoon salt
  ¼ teaspoon pepper
  1 teaspoon sugar
  ½ block margarine
  ½ cup bread crumbs

Boil shrimp until done, about 10 minutes. Peel, devein and chop fine.
Wash tomatoes and slice off tops and scoop out meat leaving shells for
filling later. Chop tomato meat in fine pieces. Melt margarine in
saucepan and add all seasonings except bread crumbs. Sauté till tender
not brown. Add raw tomato meat to seasoning, add sugar, salt and pepper
and continue cooking about 20 minutes or until liquid cooks down. Then
add shrimp and continue to cook about 4 minutes. Take from fire, add
bread crumbs to thicken mixture, saving about a third of crumbs for
later. After mixing bread crumbs to mixture, put in tomato shells.
Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs on top and bake in moderate oven about
350 degrees for 25 or 30 minutes, or until shells appear tender. Serves
4.


                              SHRIMP GUMBO

Boil 1½ pounds shrimp, then peel; while shrimp are boiling:

  chop up a large onion
  3 slices of bacon chopped
  1 hot pepper chopped

Brown bacon until crisp, add onion, sauté, but do not brown. Add a can
of hot rotel tomatoes, and pepper, one can of tomato sauce, simmer all
together, with the shrimp. Add one tablespoon of flour for thickening,
salt and pepper to taste.


                            MOCK ENCHILADAS

  1 can hominy
  1 can chili (without beans)

Put layer of hominy and layer of chili. Cover generously with grated
American cheese. Repeat. Bake at 325 degrees for 30 minutes.




                               · SALADS ·


    [Illustration: Cornucopia]


                           AMERICAN GAZPACHO

  4 medium-small (about 1⅛ pounds) red-ripe juicy tomatoes
  1 long (about 10 inches) thin cucumber (pared)
  ½ of a medium-sized green pepper
  1 red onion (twice the size of a walnut)
  2 drained canned pimientos
  1 small garlic clove
  2 tablespoons olive oil
  2 teaspoons strong red wine vinegar
  1 cup icy-cold water
  1 to 1½ teaspoons salt
  ¼ teaspoon white pepper

Remove skin from tomatoes, after dipping in boiling water or wetting and
twirling on a long fork over a gas flame. Reserve half the tomatoes,
half the cucumber, and half the given amount of green pepper.

Quarter remaining tomatoes; slice remaining cucumber, remaining green
pepper and the whole onion; place in blender in that order with 1
pimiento, peeled sliced garlic clove, oil and vinegar. Blend at high
speed until smooth—about 2 minutes. There will be about 2½ cups. Add
water, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper; turn into a 1½-quart container.
Knife-chop fairly fine, the reserved cucumber, reserved green pepper and
remaining pimiento. There will be about 1½ cups; stir into blended
mixture. Add enough of remaining salt (or more) to suit taste. Cover
tightly and refrigerate until chilled or overnight.

At serving time, put an ice cube in each cup or bowl and add the
gazpacho. Makes 4 to 6 servings of a refreshing, coral-colored first
course; no salad needed when gazpacho is served.


                          CABBAGE-CARROT SALAD

  ½ cup raisins
  ⅓ cup crushed pineapple
  ¼ cup mayonnaise
  ½ medium head cabbage (shredded)
  2 large scraped carrots (shredded)

Put all the items listed above in dish and mix; salt and pepper to
taste.


                       MACARONI AND SALMON SALAD

  1 package macaroni
  1 can salmon
  2 tablespoons grated onion
  ¼ diced celery
  2 hard-cooked eggs
  1 cup Thousand Island dressing

Boil 1 package macaroni in salted water until tender (about 7 minutes).
Rinse under cold water spray to remove gummy residue, drain and set
aside to cool. Mix together: 1 can salmon (separate into bite-size
chunks), 2 tablespoons grated onion, ½ cup celery, 2 hard-cooked eggs
(diced) and enough Thousand Island dressing to give proper consistency
(about 1 cup). Add to cooled macaroni, mixing with fork, and chill in
refrigerator until ready to serve with rye triangles or saltine
crackers.


                             SKILLET SALAD

  4 slices bacon
  ¼ cup vinegar
  1 tablespoon brown sugar
  1 teaspoon salt
  1 tablespoon finely chopped onion
  4 cups (½ medium head) shredded cabbage
  ½ cup chopped parsley

Cook bacon till crisp; remove from skillet and crumble. Add vinegar,
sugar, salt, onion to fat in skillet. Add crumbled bacon. Heat
thoroughly; take from range and toss cabbage and parsley in hot
dressing.


                            CRANBERRY SALAD

  1 cup sugar
  1 large can crushed pineapple, drained
  1 cup coarse chopped nuts
  2 cups cut up marshmallows

Blend ingredients together and let stand while preparing jello. Dissolve
one package of raspberry jello in one cup of the boiling pineapple juice
(if not a cup add water). Cool jelly until thick, mix with the above and
last mix in one pint of whipping cream whipped. Pour into desired molds
and chill for several hours.




                        · SPREADS · SANDWICHES ·


    [Illustration: Chef]


                             SANDWICH LOAF

  Best-ever sandwich,
      Easy to make;
  Better than candy,
      Better than cake.

  1 loaf white sandwich bread, unsliced
  1 loaf brown sandwich bread, unsliced
  8 packages cream cheese
  1 cup mayonnaise
  1 can pimiento
  2 cans deviled ham
  1 cucumber
  ¼ pound full cream Wisconsin cheese
  2 cups chicken salad sandwich mixture
  1 tablespoon grated onion

Cut crust off of bread. Cut each loaf into 5 parts lengthwise. On piece
of white bread spread chicken salad mixture. Top with brown slice,
spread with pimiento and Wisconsin mixture. Top with white slice, spread
with deviled ham mixed mayonnaise. Top with brown slice, spread with
cucumbers chopped and added to 2 packages cream cheese and mayonnaise
and 1 tablespoon grated onion. Top with white. Ice loaf with cream
cheese mixed with mayonnaise. Do not serve until 2 hours after making.


                        AVOCADO SANDWICH SPREAD

  1 large avocado
  1 small onion, minced
  1 small tomato, minced—peel by dropping in boiling water then in cold
          water
  2 small sour pickles, minced
  1 garlic button, mashed or garlic salt to taste
  ⅓ cup pecans, minced
  juice of small lemon
  ⅛ teaspoon salt

Mash avocado, as you would a potato, add lemon juice to avoid
discoloration of avocado. Add minced onion, tomato, pickles, mashed
garlic button or garlic salt and minced pecan meats. Mix well and spread
on lightly buttered bread, white or brown.


                         LENTEN SANDWICH SPREAD

  ⅓ cup salted peanuts
  1 pimiento
  ¼ cup mayonnaise
  ½ pound cheddar cheese
  2 boiled shelled eggs

Put salted peanuts, pimiento, eggs and cheddar cheese through a food
grinder and then add the mayonnaise.


                            CRANBERRY RELISH

  2 cups ground cranberries
  1 cored apple
  1 orange
  ½ cup chopped pecans
  ½ cup granulated sugar

Put the first three ingredients through food chopper, using coarse
blade. Add sugar and nut meats, mix well and chill.


                       KEIFER COUNTY PEAR RELISH

  1 peck of Keifer pears ground in food chopper
  5 onions medium
  6 bell peppers
  2 hot peppers
  4 cups sugar
  5 cups vinegar
  1 teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon mixed spices
  1 teaspoon turmeric

Mix ingredients and cook for 39 minutes. This relish can be put up in
glass jars and stored.


                          HOMEMADE MAYONNAISE

  1 small egg
  1 teaspoon of sugar
  1 teaspoon of salt
  1 teaspoon of mustard
  4 teaspoons of vinegar
  dash of tabasco
  pepper or paprika
  1 pint of oil, that has been chilled in refrigerator

Beat the egg with the salt, sugar, mustard and vinegar, and add the oil
slowly, drop by drop until half has been used. Add the paprika or the
pepper and add the rest of the oil.




                    : VEGETABLES : SPECIAL DISHES :


    [Illustration: Cornucopia]


                   TUNA, NOODLE, VEGETABLE CASSEROLE

  2 tablespoons butter
  1 large onion, minced
  1 No. 2 can peas, drained
  2 seven-ounce cans tuna
  3 cups cooked fine noodles
  6 tablespoons flour
  6 tablespoons butter
  1 teaspoon salt
  3 cups milk
  ¼ teaspoon black pepper
  1 teaspoon Worcestershire
  1½ cups grated sharp cheese
  paprika

Sauté onion in 2 tablespoons of butter and mix with drained peas. Break
tuna with fork. Combine butter, flour, salt, Worcestershire sauce,
pepper and milk into a cream sauce and add 1 cup grated cheese. Cook
over low gas flame until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth. Alternate
peas, noodles and tuna in greased casserole and cover with sauce. Top
with remaining ½ cup cheese and sprinkle paprika on top. Bake 25 to 30
minutes in 350 degrees preheated oven. Serves 6 to 8.


                           EGGPLANT CASSEROLE

  1 eggplant (medium)
  1 can tomato sauce
  1 onion
  2 cloves garlic
  3 tablespoons oil
  grated parmesan cheese

Fry onion and garlic in oil until golden brown, add tomato sauce, one
can of water, salt and pepper; let cook until thick. Slice eggplant in
½-inch thick slices. Fry until done, place layer of eggplant in pyrex
dish. Cover with sauce and sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese, repeat
until all is used.


                          ITALIAN STYLE SQUASH

  4 small sausages
  1 small onion
  1 tablespoon shortening
  1 can or 1 package of frozen squash

Dice sausage and onion and brown in shortening. Add cooked squash. Cook
over low heat until liquid from squash is almost gone.


                          STUFFED ROUND STEAK

Sauté in ½ cup margarine:

  1 medium onion, minced
  1 clove garlic, minced

Combine with:

  3 cups coarse dry bread crumbs
  ½ cup minced celery
  ½ cup minced raw carrot
  1 tablespoon minced parsley
  1 teaspoon salt
  ¼ teaspoon thyme
  ½ teaspoon sage
  ¼ teaspoon pepper

Spread on 1½ pounds beef round steak. (First, bone steak and pound flour
into both sides; brush off excess flour.) Roll up and tie securely.
Brown on all sides in a little hot fat in large heavy utensil. Add ½ cup
hot water. Cover; cook 1½ hours in 350 degrees oven. Uncover; and cook ½
hour longer. Add thickening to juices in utensil for gravy.


                             BAKED OYSTERS

  1 pint oysters
  1 medium size onion and green onions
  1 pod of garlic
  several pieces of celery (heart)
  little parsley

Cut above ingredients into small pieces. Cook slowly in butter until
tender. Have ready cracker crumbs. Then pour oysters, juice and crumbs
into the above, use enough cracker crumbs to take up juice of oysters.
Cook slowly until oysters curl. Add Lea & Perrins sauce, salt and
pepper. Fill (4) large size baking shells. Spread cracker crumbs and
melted butter on top. Bake 15 or 20 minutes. Serve while hot.


                             SHRIMP WRIGGLE

Make a smooth white sauce with about ½ stick of butter, 3 tablespoons
flour and 1½ cups of milk and salt to taste. Add ½ cup of catsup, 2
teaspoons minced parsley, ¾ cup finely chopped celery, teaspoon
Worcestershire sauce, then lots of shrimp that have been boiled.

Put in individual baking cups on a flat pan because little cups are hard
to handle in an oven. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes. Before
the last few minutes of baking, sprinkle with finely ground bread crumbs
and a dab of butter on top—let brown.




                          · MEN’S · RECIPES ·


    [Illustration: Chef]


                          PORK CHOPS ORIENTAL

  6 double thick pork chops
  1 cup cooked white rice
  ½ bell pepper sliced in thin strips
  ½ cup bean sprouts
  ¼ cup diced onions
  1 diced pimiento
  3 stalks diced celery
  4 tablespoons soy sauce
  1 raw egg
  ½ teaspoon paprika
  1 small can stems and pieces mushrooms (drained)
  1 tablespoon flour
  1 cup cold chicken stock
  3 tablespoons butter or margarine
  salt and pepper to taste

Have butcher cut six pork chops double thick and make a pocket for
stuffing. In a skillet sauté onions, bell peppers, celery, bean sprouts,
pimiento and mushrooms in two tablespoons butter or margarine until
onions become transparent but not brown. Move ingredients to side of
skillet and in center place the cooked white rice and make a volcano to
the bottom of skillet. In volcano add one tablespoon butter or margarine
and when melted place whole raw egg and when egg has set add 2
tablespoons soy sauce, the paprika, and gently stir until all
ingredients are well mixed and egg is done and distributed throughout.
Add salt and pepper to taste. Stuff pork chops with mixture, place in a
shallow baking pan and bake in moderate oven until chops are done and
well browned. Remove chops from pan and pour off all grease. To the
remaining brown drippings add 1 tablespoon flour dissolved in 1 cup
chicken stock and 2 tablespoons soy sauce and stir until sauce thickens.
On serving spoon sauce over chops. Serves 6.


                               TATER DOG

Cut an Idaho potato about 5 inches long in half. With a spoon scrape out
the center of both halves, enough to hold a wiener. Insert the wiener in
the cavity, spread with margarine, a dash of salt and pepper and chili
sauce. Butt the potato together, use 2 toothpicks to hold. Grease
outside liberally with butter or margarine. Put into oven, bake until
potato is well baked. With serving of cole slaw or similar salad, this
will be a most appetizing meal.


                           TIME-SAVER DINNER

  1 pound hamburger meat
  1 clove garlic, chopped fine
  1 small onion, chopped fine
  ½ small bell pepper, chopped fine
  ½ teaspoon salt
  ¼ teaspoon black pepper
  1 can tomatoes
  1 can tomato sauce
  3 tablespoons tomato catsup
  ¼ teaspoon hot sauce
  ¼ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  2 cups water

Mix salt, pepper, onion, garlic and bell pepper. Drain tomatoes and mash
them, saving juice. Add all this to meat and mix well. Take tomato juice
and add tomato sauce, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce together. Put this
with water and pour over meat loaf. Put tomato catsup over top of meat
loaf. Peel two medium size potatoes. Cut in quarters and put around meat
loaf. Bake in 450 degrees oven for 1½ hours.


                            GARLIC SPARERIBS

  6 pounds spareribs
  4 large cloves garlic
  1 tablespoon salt
  1 cup chicken stock or consomme
  1 cup orange marmalade
  ¼ cup vinegar
  ¼ cup ketchup

Figure at least 1 pound spareribs per person. Leave sides whole so they
can be threaded on a spit later. Crush garlic with salt. Add chicken
stock or consomme with marmalade, vinegar and ketchup. Marinate ribs at
least 12 hours in garlic marinade, turning several times. Weave the
whole strips on spit and cook slowly over low coals for 1 to 1½ hours or
until shiny brown and fork tender. Baste with the marinade during the
cooking. Or if preferred, bake ribs in slow oven (300 degrees F.) for 2
hours. Baste often.


                             KIDS’ DELIGHT

Prepare one recipe for biscuit dough. Roll out thin, cut in three
pieces. Spread one piece with apple jelly and peanut butter. Spread one
piece with stewed apples and grated cheese. Spread one piece with fig
preserves. Roll each piece into a slender roll. Slice into 1-inch
thickness. Place on greased pan, bake 12 minutes in moderate oven.

    [Illustration: Eagle logo]

                           American National
                           INSURANCE COMPANY
            LIFE    HOME OFFICE: GALVESTON, TEXAS    HEALTH

          _The Leader in the Business of Creating the Future_

                              PRESENTED BY

                   _________________________________

                              REPRESENTING
                  AMERICAN NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY
                            GALVESTON, TEXAS


11-1961




                          Transcriber’s Notes


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—Added explanatory text {in brackets} for unfamiliar brand names.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.







End of Project Gutenberg's Recipes from American National, by Anonymous

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK RECIPES FROM AMERICAN NATIONAL ***

***** This file should be named 62655-0.txt or 62655-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/2/6/5/62655/

Produced by Stephen Hutcheson and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

